Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
Tamaya!
Kagiya!
It's almost like a festival, huh?
It must be their own special way of mourning,
because it's different from other proto-nationalist funerals.
Scaffolders, get started on repairs!
--Right! --Right!
Anyone whose house was demolished for Kantaro's funeral,
you can stay at the guardhouse!
We'll look after you until the repair work is completed!
Captain, would it be okay if we went to help with the repairs, too?
Good idea. We can't really negotiate an investigation
until the town gets fixed up.
Hey!
Please let the 8th help!
With my ability, hauling stuff and elevated work will be no problem.
I'll move this rubble out of the way, too.
You can leave the welding to me.
Oh, not bad.
Oh...
This is too heavy to move.
The 8th's Matchbox was down on Yagen Street in Asakusa.
What would the 8th be doing in the 7th's jurisdiction?
The 8th went to investigate the 1st over the Rekka matter.
They may be trying to sniff us out.
What does the Evangelist say?
"Exterminate them." We failed to finish the job last time.
Get the bugs and traps ready.
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Today's work is done!
You don't have to trouble yourself, Waka.
The youngsters have finally gotten a breather. At least let me do this much.
Thank you.
Does that hurt?
No, it's just cold.
You really should have been the one to become captain, Konro.
This is the 7th, where the rowdies come to live.
Anyone who can't fight has no business being the captain.
Konro!
Waka!
Hey, hold on!
What? What's going on?
This big bozo is chasing Hika and Hina, trying to eat us!
He's seriously screwed up!
I was just playing tag with you, and you call me a bozo, you jerk?
I'm not showing off my flaming top for you anymore.
Flaming top?
He shoots flames out of his feet and spins around wicked fast.
It's so ridiculous!
It's breakin'! Break dancing! And it's not ridiculous, it's cool!
Heh, such a kid...
Sorry about this, 8th. Not only do we have you help with repairs,
--but now you're looking after the little ones.
--We're not little! We'll smoosh you, Konro! --but now you're looking after the little ones.
--Nah, I don't mind hanging out with children.
--Don't treat us like children! --Nah, I don't mind hanging out with children.
We'll smoosh you, Shinra!
Here, I'll show you my flaming top. Here goes...
Shut up! Don't tell Hika and Hina what to do!
The folks from the 8th are some fairly pleasant people.
They're not the same sort as the other Fire Force companies.
Kind of like those of us in the 7th.
I guess.
Why not cooperate with their investigation?
If you were the captain, is that what you'd do?
Waka, you weren't chosen to be the captain just because you're strong.
The reason the 8th's folks were helping us is because you--
I know. I've heard it over and over.
I'm just not cut out for this sort of thing--being in charge of others.
Come on, face forward. I can't wrap this bandage.
I'll cooperate. I don't dislike these 8th folks.
"Episode 12: Eve of Hostilities in Asakusa"
--Ah! Waka! --Ah! Waka!
I'm sorry about before, sir.
Oh, no biggie.
Um, about Lieutenant Konro's body...
When a third generation exceeds the limit of his pyrokinesis,
his body starts incinerating if he keeps going,
and before long, is reduced to ash.
Tephrosis.
Is this your first time seeing it?
We learned about it at the Training Academy,
but this is my first time seeing it in person.
At the time, I...
Shinra, I need to talk to your captain. Where is he?
I was actually asked by him to come and get you, Captain Shinmon.
He's across the way talking to Lieutenant Hinawa, sir.
What are you going to do now? Are you going back to the 8th?
As long as you're here, you could always stay over at our station.
It wasn't what we planned,
but after helping out with the repairs,
we're on much better terms with the 7th guys.
Hey, lady, strip again for us, okay?
I will not!
I hope we'll get permission to conduct our investigation now.
Captain Shinmon said he wanted to talk to Captain Obi earlier,
so I think we'll be able to investigate.
All we have so far are just breadcrumbs,
but we're still getting after the Evangelist.
Seeing as how there are so many proto-nationalists in the 7th,
we left Iris-sama behind,
and the 5th is holding down things at the 8th while we're gone.
I sure hope we can start investigating soon.
"Nonessential"
Get that desk out of there and set up Shinra's desk!
You can toss Obi's personal things outside or something!
Oh... n-nee-san...
Captain Hibana, what is the reason for this?
Punishment for getting carried away and driving the 5th so hard.
Should we just accept this?
Látom.
Gravel! You gravel! Where does gravel get off telling me what to do?!
Ah! I am gravel! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Please, step on me even more!
That went well, huh, Lieutenant?
Yes it did.
We succeeded in turning that Kantaro guy into an Infernal.
That we did.
Let's turn even more people in this town into Infernals.
Yes, let's.
A fire?
Maki-san!
I'm going to go check!
Don't do anything rash until we meet up with the captain!
What's suddenly happening? Why is he attacking?
It's because you ate their daifuku, Captain!
It was only one! He's overreacting!
I'll kill you.
What's the matter?
Shut up. Don't think you're getting out of Asakusa without paying.
You turned Kantaro into an Infernal.
We made him an Infernal? Captain Shinmon, what are you--?
Don't play dumb! Your true intent is to turn this city upside down!
You tricked us. I saw it with my own eyes.
I don't know what you saw, sir, but please take it easy!
Huh? Screw that! There's no reason to take it easy!
"Evangelist" my ass!
I saw your captain and lieutenant
plotting how to turn this town's people into Infernals!
You're mistaken!
I'll crush you all and string you up!
I know exactly what I saw.
It was definitely them.
Captain, I don't think he's joking around.
Wait a minute, please! We don't want to fight you!
Then go ahead and defeat me, and prove to me what you really want!
Around here, might makes right!
If you don't want to fight me, then prove it by fighting me!
Bring it on, 8th!
You're facing Shinmon Benimaru!
We managed to instigate him.
Yes.
On to our next trick.
Hinawa!
Leave it to me, sir.
Waka! The musclebound dummy is running away!
Hiding behind women and children? Just how rotten is your core?!
Everyone, get back!
We're Fire Soldiers, too! Would you mind not looking down on us?!
Did you think you deflected that?
Maki-san!
Whoa...
You can fire your peashooter at me all you want, but it won't work.
I know it won't work. I was just seeing how much of your second generation
and third generation abilities you can use at the same time.
Arthur! Tamaki!
Iai Chop, Form One...
Fire Moon.
Is that all you've got, 8th?!
What have you done to my men?
Captain Obi...
Let's settle this, captain to captain!
Why the hell did you turn somebody from my town into an Infernal?
No matter what I say, you aren't going to listen.
So just shut up and come at me!
You reveal your true nature, you scum!
You're not canceling them out?
Cancel them? There's no way I can do that, you know.
I don't have any powers!
You what?
Then aren't you afraid of flames?
Sure I am! They're hot!
Why would somebody who knows the terror of flames
gratuitously turn Kantaro into an Infernal?!
I'm telling you, there's been some kind of mistake!
I clearly saw you! There can be no mistake!
Captain!
Don't talk to me about second generation or third generation.
I train every day.
An extinguisher grenade?
You gassed yourself, too?
I finally got one shot in.
You're not one to shy away, are you?
There's no way I could possibly shy away.
I've taken being the captain of the 8th upon myself!
What's with the musclebound dummy? He's unpowered, right?
He got a shot in against Waka.
Is the captain really that strong?
What, did you think he was weak?
But still, I can't bear to watch him fight so recklessly.
Both Captain Shinmon and Captain Obi
have an innate knack for winning people over to them.
We can't let the two of them keep fighting anymore.
Is there any way we can stop them?
Is beating him the only way to set the record straight?
--Waka! --Let him have it!
What in the world is all this ruckus?
Word is that the 8th folks are the ones who turned Kantaro into an Infernal.
Waka snapped and started this huge fight.
--Munch! --Munch!
What? That's ridiculous.
Someone as strong as you? I'm not buying it!
You won't go down without a full-fledged attack, then?
Then I'm done playing around.
What is he planning to do?
No!
Iai Chop, Form Seven:
Sun Wheel.
Waka! Don't!
Don't stop me, Konro.
Did you know that these guys
are trying to turn the people of our town into Infernals?
That's ridiculous.
I saw these two plotting it out!
How many times do I have to tell you, you're mistaken?!
Take this!
Konro! Let me go!
Waka, cool your jets!
You dumbass! Why the hell are you using your pyrokinesis?!
Hikage! Hinata! Bring me a cooling blanket!
Roger!
Wilco!
Waka, why don't you at least hear out what the 8th has to say?
What were you all doing when Waka saw what he thinks he saw?
Captain Obi and I
were buying some items we were short on at the town general store.
We also told Maki that's where we were going.
Yes, that's true.
Huh? But the captain told me to go and get Captain Shinmon,
and that he'd be waiting in the back alley.
I heard as much, and that's when I headed toward you.
I don't remember ever saying that.
Are you trying to fool your own men?!
I'm going to go ask around at the general store.
For Konro's sake, I'm going to excuse this for the moment.
Do not leave here until I say you're in the clear.
Honestly, Waka is such a stubborn boy.
After all this time, he's still the same.
Lieutenant Konro,
would you tell us what happened to your body?
It's all because I wasn't strong enough.
Captain Shinmon seemed remorseful about it, as well.
Waka did nothing wrong. Waka didn't do anything wrong.
Do you want to hear about it?
It happened before we formally joined the Special Fire Force.
"Solar Year 196"
"Tokyo, Asakusa"
Run to the river!
What the hell is going on?
How can there be this many Infernalizations in one night?
Whatever the reason, right now, we have to get the people safely evacuated.
What about the Special Fire Force? When are they finally going to get here?
We can't rely on them. We'll do it ourselves.
Beni!
Damn it... Can't breathe...
Try as I might, it doesn't feel like I'm getting any oxygen...
You're at your pyrokinetic limit. Beni, you stay here.
Don't be a dumbass! You're in the same boat as I am!
Wha--?
What is that thing?
A demon?!
That Infernal... is...
Oh, no!
What the hell are you doing, Konro?!
I have to go that far, or else a hell-raiser like yourself won't sit still.
Beni, this isn't where you're going to meet your end.
I'll deal with this!
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 13: The Trap Is Set"